
What are the basic Datatypes supported in C Programming Language?
What do you mean by Dangling Pointer Variable in C Programming?
What do you mean by the Scope of the variable? What is the scope of the variables in C?
What are static variables and functions?
Differentiate between calloc() and malloc()
What are the valid places where the programmer can apply Break Control Statement?
How can we store a negative integer?
Differentiate between Actual Parameters and Formal Parameters.
Can a C program be compiled or executed in the absence of a main()?
What do you mean by a Nested Structure?
What is a C Token?
 What is Preprocessor?
 Why is C called the Mother of all Languages?
 Suppose a global variable and local variable have the same name. Is it is possible to access a global variable from a block where local variables are defined?
 Differentiate between the macros and the functions.
 What are the limitations of scanf() and how can it be avoided?
 Which structure is used to link the program and the operating system?
Explain the # pragma directive.
 What is typecasting?
 What are the different storage class specifiers in C?
Mention File operations in C Language.
Which variable can be used to access Union data members if the Union variable is declared as a pointer variable?
What is the difference between declaring a header file with < > and ” “?
What do you mean by Memory Leak?
Differentiate between getch() and getche().
 Differentiate between call by value and call by reference.
What is a stack?
What is a sequential access file?
 What is variable initialization and why is it important?
What is a nested loop?
What is the modulus operator?
What are header files and what are its uses in C programming?
What is syntax error?
When is the “void” keyword used in a function?
What are compound statements?
What is the significance of an algorithm to C programming?
What is the advantage of an array over individual variables?
What is debugging?
What are preprocessor directives?
 What are reserved words?
What are the different file extensions involved when programming in C?
What are actual arguments?
What is a newline escape sequence?

